Format and clean up MathML (#34430)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/baseaudiocontext/createperiodicwave/index.md

{{ APIRef("Web Audio API") }}

> The `createPeriodicWave()` method of the {{ domxref("BaseAudioContext") }} Interface is used to create a {{domxref("PeriodicWave")}}, which is used to define a periodic waveform that can be used to shape the output of an {{ domxref("OscillatorNode") }}.

Reviewer: This is a really long sentence, best to split for better readability
```suggestion
The `createPeriodicWave()` method of the {{ domxref("BaseAudioContext") }} interface is used to create a {{domxref("PeriodicWave")}}. This wave is used to define a periodic waveform that can be used to shape the output of an {{ domxref("OscillatorNode") }}.
```

- `imag`
  - : An array of sine terms (traditionally the B terms).

> The `real` and `imag` arrays have to have the same length, otherwise an error is thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `real` and `imag` arrays must have the same length, otherwise an error is thrown.
```

- `constraints` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : An dictionary object that specifies whether normalization should be disabled (if not specified, normalization is enabled by default.) It takes one property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A dictionary object that specifies whether normalization should be disabled. If not specified, normalization is enabled by default. It takes one property:
```

osc.stop(2);
```

This works because a sound that contains only a fundamental tone is by definition a sine wave.

> Here, we create a `PeriodicWave` with two values. The first value is the DC offset, which is the value at which the oscillator starts. 0 is good here, because we want to start the curve at the middle of the `[-1.0; 1.0]` range. The second and subsequent values are sine and cosine components. You can think of it as the result of a Fourier transform, where you get frequency domain values from time domain value. Here, with `createPeriodicWave()`, you specify the frequencies, and the browser performs an inverse Fourier transform to get a time domain buffer for the frequency of the oscillator. Here, we only set one component at full volume (1.0) on the fundamental tone, so we get a sine wave. Bear in mind the fundamental tone is the oscillator's frequency (which, by default, is 440 Hz). Thus, by altering the oscillator's frequency we are in effect shifting the frequency of this periodic wave along with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we create a `PeriodicWave` with two values. The first value is the DC offset, which is the value at which the oscillator starts. A value of `0` is good here because it starts the curve at the middle of the `[-1.0; 1.0]` range. The second and subsequent values are sine and cosine components, similar to the result of a Fourier transform, which converts time domain values to frequency domain values. Here, with `createPeriodicWave()`, you specify the frequencies, and the browser performs an inverse Fourier transform to get a time domain buffer for the frequency of the oscillator. In this example, we set only one component at full volume (`1.0`) on the fundamental tone, so we get a sine wave. Bear in mind that the fundamental tone corresponds to the oscillator's frequency (which, by default, is `440 Hz`). Therefore, altering the oscillator's frequency effectively shifts the frequency of this periodic wave along with it.
```
